that's a 28 ps 80 cubic centimeter
single cylinder motor we open
hydrogen plant have been converted
First of all we have the gas tank
removed and also the original carburetor
unscrewed
the gas supply is now via
a small hose connecting the da
where the carburetor is mounted beforehand
was attached
We also have the original rooms
changed
We also have the crankshaft to two
one stocky and on the big one
a magnet glued to the gear
a halt sensor activates the signal
from the hall sensor will be in one
small circuit processed and
then the ignition coil controls the circuit
the train would be like this
the attitude of the time
is quite easy here by the
swiveling lever
dx and coil are supplied from one
small power adapter